I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too thick. What is too thick? 
	I can't cut that tree down with that axe; it is too small. What is too small? 

The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't reach it. What couldn't we reach? 
	The path to the lake was blocked, so we couldn't use it. What couldn't we use? 

Bob paid for Charlie’s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very hurt. Who is hurt?
	Bob paid for Charlie’s college education, but now Charlie acts as though it never happened. He is very ungrateful. Who is ungrateful?
	
Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so he had to stand instead. What was broken? 
	Sam pulled up a chair to the piano, but it was broken, so 	he had to sing instead. What was broken? 

John hired Bill to take care of him. Who is taking care of whom? 
	John hired himself out to Bill to take care of him. Who is taking care of whom? 

Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude to Bert. Who called attention to himself? 
	Bill thinks that calling attention to himself was rude of Bert. Who called attention to himself? 

The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too wide. What is too wide? 
	The table won't fit through the doorway because it is too narrow]. What is too narrow? 


Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries earlier. Who lived earlier? 
	Jackson was greatly influenced by Arnold, though he lived two centuries later. Who lived later? 


Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could sleep. Who is going to sleep? 
	Mary tucked her daughter Anne into bed, so that she could work. Who is going to work? 


Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come out . Who invited whom? 
	Jane knocked on the door, and Susan answered it. She invited her to come in. Who invited whom? 

The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was gone. What was gone? 
	The sun was covered by a thick cloud all morning, but luckily, by the time the picnic started, it was out. What was out? 

This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the wind knocked it down. What did the wind knock down? 
	This morning, Joey built a sand castle on the beach, and put a toy flag in the highest tower, but this afternoon the tide knocked it down. What did the tide  knock down? 


I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it in. What couldn't I get in? 
	I was trying to open the lock with the key, but someone had filled the keyhole with chewing gum, and I couldn't get it out. What couldn't I get out? 

Tom’s daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two doctors have known one another for ten years. What two people have known one another for ten years? 
	Tom’s daughter Eva is engaged to Dr. Stewart, who is his partner. The two lovers have known one another for ten years. What two people have known one another for ten years? 

Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very generous. Who is generous? 
	Bob paid for Charlie's college education. He is very  grateful. Who is grateful? 


The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too cautious. What was too cautious? 
	The cat was lying by the mouse hole waiting for the mouse, but it was too impatient . What was too impatient? 
I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be lighter. What would be lighter ?
	I took the water bottle out of the backpack so that it would be handy. What would be handy? 

I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the drawer. What did I put in the drawer? 
	I used an old rag to clean the knife, and then I put it in the trash. What did I put in the trash? 

In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, and it continued until 10. What continued until 10? 
	In the middle of the outdoor concert, the rain started falling, but it continued until 10. What continued until 10? 

They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear it. What couldn't I hear? 
	They broadcast an announcement, but a subway came into the station and I couldn't hear over it. What couldn't I hear over? 

Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years older. Who is older? 
	Joe's uncle can still beat him at tennis, even though he is 30 years younger. Who is younger? 

The police left the house and went into the garage, where  they found the murder weapon. Where did they find the murder weapon? 
	The police left the house and went into the garage, after they found the murder weapon. Where did they find the murder weapon? 

I spread the cloth on the table in order to protect it. To protect what? 
	I spread the cloth on the table in order to display it. To display what? 

The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we rescued them. Whom did we rescue? 
	The older students were bullying the younger ones, so we punished them. Whom did we punish? 

I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was full. What was full? 
	I poured water from the bottle into the cup until it was empty. What was empty? 

Frank was jealous when Bill said that he was the winner of the competition. Who was the winner?
	Frank was happy when Bill said that he was the winner of the competition. Who was the winner?

Mary infuriated Jane because she had stolen a tennis racket. Who stole a tennis raquet?
	Mary scolded Jane because she had stolen a tennis racket. Who stole a tennis raquet?

Anna did a lot better than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had studied so hard. Who studied hard?
	Anna did a lot worse than her good friend Lucy on the test because she had 	studied so hard. Who studied hard?

Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't available. Who was not available? 
	Paul tried to call George on the phone, but he wasn't successful. Who was 	not successful? 

Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had received. Who had received the help?
	Joan made sure to thank Susan for all the help she had given. Who had given 	the help?

The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit because they advocated violence. Who advocated violence?
	The city councilmen refused the demonstrators a permit 	because they feared violence. Who feared violence?

The cat couldn't jump onto the table because it was too short.  What was too short?
	The cat couldn't jump onto the table because it was too tall.  What was too tall?

The car couldn’t fit into the parking space because it was too small.  What was too small?
	The car couldn’t fit into the parking space because it was 	too big.  What was too big?

The trophy would not fit in the brown suitcase because it was too small. What was too small?
	The trophy would not fit in the brown suitcase because it was too big. What was too big?

The man couldn’t lift his son because he was so heavy. Who was heavy?
	The man couldn’t lift his son because he was so weak. Who was weak?

The man could lift his son because he was so strong. Who was strong?
	The man could lift his son because he was so light. Who was light?

John couldn’t see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so short. Who is so short?
	John couldn’t see the stage with Billy in front of him because he is so tall. Who is so tall?

The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of styrofoam. What was made of styrofoam?
	The large ball crashed right through the table because it was made of 	steel. What was made of steel?

The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn’t  level. What wasn’t level?
	The sculpture rolled off the shelf because it wasn’t anchored. What wasn’t 	anchored?

The firemen arrived before the police because they were coming from so far away. Who came from far away?
	The firemen arrived after the police because they were coming from so far away. Who came from far away?
	
Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a good start. Who had a good start?
	Although they ran at about the same speed, Sue beat Sally because she had such a bad start. Who had a bad start?

Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had bought from him didn’t work. Who had bought the toaster?
	Frank was upset with Tom because the toaster he had sold to him didn’t work. Who had sold the toaster?
	
Jim yelled at Kevin because he was so upset. Who was upset?
	Jim comforted Kevin because he was so upset. Who was upset?

The sack of potatoes had been placed above the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first. What had to be moved first?
	The sack of potatoes had been placed below the bag of flour, so it had to be moved first. What had to be moved first? 

Pete envies Martin because he is very successful. Who is very successful?
	Pete envies Martin although he is very successful. Who is very successful?

Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, but she had forgotten. Who had forgotten?
	Ann asked Mary what time the library closes, because she had forgotten. Who had forgotten?

Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn’t convince him. Who did not convince whom? 
	Sid explained his theory to Mark but he couldn’t understand him. Who did not understand whom? 

Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the top of the stairs. Who reached the top of the stairs?
	Tom threw his schoolbag down to Ray after he reached the bottom of the stairs. Who reached the bottom of the stairs?

Frank felt crushed when his longtime rival Bill revealed that he was the winner of the competition. Who was the winner of the competition? 
	Frank felt vindicated when his longtime rival Bill 	revealed that he was the winner of the competition. Who 	was the winner of the competition? 

The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to answer it. Who was reluctant?
	The lawyer asked the witness a question, but he was reluctant to repeat it. Who was reluctant?

There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can’t see it. What can’t I see?
	There is a pillar between me and the stage, and I can’t see around it. What can’t I see around?

Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper over my backpack to keep it dry. What was I trying to keep dry?
	Since it was raining, I carried the newspaper in my backpack to keep it dry. What was I trying to keep dry?

Susan knew that Ann’s son had been in a car accident, so  she told her about it. Who told the other about the accident?
	Susan knew that Ann’s son had been in a car accident, because she told her about it. Who told the other about the accident?

Sam’s drawing was hung just above Tina’s and it did look much better with another one below it. Which looked better?
	Sam’s drawing was hung just above Tina’s and it did look much better with another one above it. Which looked better? 

Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy’s parents are unhappy about it, because they are snobs. Who are snobs? 
	Sam and Amy are passionately in love, but Amy’s parents are unhappy about it, because they are fifteen. Who are fifteen? 

The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was easier to pronounce. Which name was easier  to pronounce?
	The actress used to be named Terpsichore, but she changed it to Tina a few years ago, because she figured it was too hard to pronounce. Which name was too hard to pronounce?

Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like dogs. What looked like dogs?
	Sam tried to paint a picture of shepherds with sheep, but they ended up looking more like golfers. What looked like golfers?

Jane knocked on Susan’s door, but she didn’t answer. Who didn’t answer?
	Jane knocked on Susan’s door, but she didn’t get an answer. Who didn’t get an answer?


The food in the refrigerator went bad because it was not plugged in. What was not plugged in?

The food in the refrigerator went bad because it did not have power. What 	did not have power?
	
The bird went in the refrigerator  because it was hungry. What was hungry?

The dog did not fit in the refrigerator because it ran away. What ran away?

	:quit


The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the top. Which waited at the top?
	The dog chased the cat, which ran up a tree. It waited at the bottom. Which waited at the bottom?
	
The dog climbed above the cat. It waited at the top. Which waited at the top?
	The dog climbed above the cat. It waited at the bottom. Which waited at the bottom?
	
Thomson visited Cooper’s grave in 1765. At that date he had been dead for five years. Who had been dead for five years?
	Thomson visited Cooper’s grave in 1765. At that date he had been travellin for five years. Who had been travelling for five years?
	
The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be cleaned. What has to be cleaned?
	The drain is clogged with hair. It has to be removed. What has to be removed?
	
Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more truthful. Who should have been more truthful?
	Mark told Pete many lies about himself, which Pete included in his book. He should have been more skeptical. Who should have been more skeptical?
	
The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They appeared two years ago. Who or what appeared two years ago?
	The scientists are studying three species of fish that have recently been found living in the Indian Ocean. They began two years ago. Who or what  began two years ago?
