#http://www.voanews.com/specialenglish/wordbook-a.cfm
able - ad. having the power to do something 
about - ad. almost ("about half"); of or having a relation to ("We talk about the weather.") 
above - ad. at a higher place 
abuse - n. bad treatment causing harm or injury 
accept - v. to agree to receive 
accident - n. something that happens by chance or mistake; an unplanned event 
accuse - v. to say a person is responsible for an act or crime; to make a statement against someone 
across - ad. from side to side; to the other side 
act - v. to do something 
activist - n. one who seeks change through action 
actor - n. someone acting in a play or show 
add - v. to put (something) with another to make it larger; to say more 
administration - n. the executive part of a government, usually headed by a president or prime minister 
admit - v. to accept ("admitted to the United Nations"); to express one's guilt or responsibility ("He admitted that what he did was wrong.") 
adult - n. a grown person 
advertise - v. to show or present the qualities of a product to increase sales 
advise - v. to help with information, knowledge or ideas in making a decision 
affect - v. to produce an effect on; to influence ("A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.") 
afraid - ad. feeling fear 
after - ad. later; behind 
again - ad. another time; as before 
against - ad. opposed to; not agreeing with something 
age - n. how old a person or thing is 
agency - n. an organization that is part of a larger group ("an agency of the United Nations") 
aggression - n. an attack against a person or country; the violation of a country's borders 
ago - ad. of time past; before now 
agree - v. to have the same belief as someone; to be willing to do something 
agriculture - n. farming 
aid - v. to help; to support; n. help, assistance 
aim - v. to point a gun at; n. a goal or purpose 
air - n. the mixture of gases around the earth, mostly nitrogen and oxygen, that we breathe 
air_force - n. a military organization using airplanes 
airplane - n. a vehicle with wings that flies 
airport - n. a place where airplanes take off and land 
album - n. a collection of recorded music 
alcohol - n. a strong, colorless liquid, usually made from grain, used as a drug or in industrial products 
alive - ad. having life; not dead 
all - ad. everything; everyone; the complete amount 
ally - n. a nation or person joined with another for a special purpose 
almost - ad. a little less than completely 
alone - ad. separated from others 
along - ad. near or on ("along the road") 
already - ad. before now; even now 
also - ad. added to; too 
although - conj. even if it is true that 
always - ad. at all times; every time 
ambassador - n. a nation's highest diplomatic representative (to another government) 
amend - v. to add to or to change (a proposal or law) 
ammunition - n. the bullets or shells fired from guns 
among - ad. in or part of (a group) 
amount - n. the number, size or weight of anything 
anarchy - n. a lack of order; lawlessness 
ancestor - n. a family member from the past 
ancient - ad. very old; long ago 
and - conj. also; in addition to; with 
anger - n. a strong emotion against someone or something 
animal - n. a living creature that moves, such as a dog or cat 
anniversary - n. a yearly celebration or observance of an event that happened in the past 
announce - v. to make known publicly; to declare officially 
another - ad. one more; a different one 
answer - n. a statement produced by a question; v. to make a statement after being asked a question 
any - ad. one or more of no special kind 
apologize - v. to express regret for a mistake or accident for which one accepts responsibility 
appeal - v. to take to a higher court, person or group for a decision; to call on somebody for help 
appear - v. to show oneself; to come into sight; to seem 
appoint - v. to name; to choose ("appoint a judge") 
approve - v. to agree with; to agree to support 
archeology - n. the scientific study of past human life and activities 
area - n. any place or part of it 
argue - v. to offer reasons for or against something; to dispute; to disagree 
arms - n. military equipment; weapons 
army - n. military ground forces 
around - ad. on every side (of) 
arrest - v. to seize a person for legal action; to take as a prisoner 
arrive - v. to come to a place, especially at the end of a trip 
art - n. expressions or creations by humans, such as paintings, music, writing or statues 
artillery - n. big guns 
as - conj. equally ("as fast as"); when; while 
ash - n. the part left after something burns 
ask - v. to question; to say something is wanted ("We ask the teacher questions every day.") 
assist - v. to help 
astronaut - n. a person who travels in space 
astronomy - n. the scientific study of stars and the universe 
asylum - n. political protection given by a government to a person from another country 
at - prep. in or near ("at the edge"); where ("look at"); when ("at noon") 
atmosphere - n. the gases surrounding any star or planet 
attach - v. to tie together; to connect 
attack - n. a violent attempt to damage, injure or kill; v. to start a fight 
attempt - v. to work toward something; to try; to make an effort 
attend - v. to be present at 
attention - n. close or careful observing of, or listening to, someone or something ("The student paid attention to his teacher.") 
automobile - n. a vehicle with wheels used to carry people; a car 
autumn - n. the time of the year between summer and winter 
available - ad. present and ready for use; willing to serve or help. ("There was a list of available candidates.") 
average - n. something (a number) representing the middle; ad. common; normal 
avoid - v. to stay away from 
awake - ad. not sleeping 
award - n. an honor or prize for an act or service 
away - ad. not near 
baby - n. a newly born creature 
back - n. the part behind the front; ad. the other way from forward 
bad - ad. wrong; acting against the law; not good 
balance - v. to make two sides or forces equal 
ball - n. something round 
balloon - n. a device of strong, light material that rises when filled with gas lighter than air 
ballot - n. a piece of paper used for voting 
ban - v. to not permit; to stop; n. an official restriction 
bank - n. an organization that keeps and lends money 
bar - v. to prevent or block 
barrier - n. anything that blocks or makes an action difficult 
base - n. a military center; v. to establish as a fact ("Her research was based on experiments.") 
battle - n. a fight between opposing armed forces 
be - v. to live; to happen; to exist 
beat - v. to hit again and again 
beauty - n. that which pleases the eye, ear or spirit 
because - prep. for the reason that ("He left because he was sick.") 
become - v. to come to be 
bed - n. a sleeping place 
before - prep. earlier 
begin - v. to do the first part of an action; to start 
behavior - n. the way in which a person or animal acts ("The child's behavior was bad because he fought with other children.") 
behind - ad. at the back of; in back of 
believe - v. to think; to feel sure of; to accept as true; to trust 
belong - v. to be owned by; to be a member of 
below - ad. lower than 
best - ad. the most good 
betray - v. to turn against; to be false to 
better - ad. more good than 
between - ad. in the space or time that separates; from one to the other ("talks between two nations") 
big - ad. of great size; not small 
bill - n. a legislative proposal 
biology - n. the scientific study of life or living things in all their forms 
bird - n. a creature that flies 
bite - v. to cut with the teeth 
black - ad. dark; having the color like that of the night sky 
blame - v. to accuse; to hold responsible 
bleed - v. to lose blood 
blind - ad. not able to see 
block - v. to stop something from being done; to prevent movement 
blood - n. red fluid in the body 
blow - v. to move with force, as in air ("The wind blows.") 
blue - ad. having the color like that of a clear sky 
boat - n. something built to travel on water that carries people or goods 
body - n. all of a person or animal; the remains of a person or animal 
boil - v. to heat a liquid until it becomes very hot 
bomb - n. a device that explodes with great force; v. to attack or destroy with bombs 
bone - n. the hard material in the body 
book - n. a long written work for reading 
border - n. a dividing line between nations 
born - v. to come to life; to come into existence 
borrow - v. to take as a loan 
both - ad. not just one of two, but the two together 
bottle - n. a container, usually made of glass, to hold liquid 
bottom - ad. the lowest part of something 
box - n. something to put things into; a container, usually made of paper or wood 
boy - n. a young male person 
boycott - v. to refuse to take part in or deal with 
brain - n. the control center of thought, emotions and body activity of all creatures 
brave - ad. having no fear 
bread - n. a food made from grain 
break - v. to divide into parts by force; to destroy 
breathe - v. to take air into the body and let it out again 
bridge - n. a structure built over a waterway, valley or road so people and vehicles can cross from one side to the other 
brief - ad. short; not long 
bright - ad. giving much light; strong and clear in color 
bring - v. to come with something 
broadcast - v. to send information, stories or music by radio or television; n. a radio or television program 
brother - n. a male with the same father or mother as another person 
brown - ad. having the color like that of coffee 
budget - n. a spending plan 
build - v. to join materials together to make something 
building - n. anything built for use as a house, factory, office, school, store or place of entertainment 
bullet - n. a small piece of metal shot from a gun 
burn - v. to be on fire; to destroy or damage by fire 
burst - v. to break open suddenly 
bury - v. to put into the ground and cover with earth 
bus - n. a public vehicle to carry people 
business - n. one's work; buying and selling to earn money; trade 
busy - ad. doing something; very active 
but - conj. however; other than; yet 
buy - v. to get by paying something, usually money 
by - conj. near; at; next to ("by the road"); from ("a play by William Shakespeare"); not later than ("by midnight") 
cabinet - n. a group of ministers that helps lead a government 
call - v. to give a name to ("I call myself John."); to ask for or request ("They called for an end to the fighting.") 
calm - ad. quiet; peaceful; opposite tense 
camera - n. a device for taking pictures 
camp - n. a place with temporary housing 
campaign - n. a competition by opposing political candidates seeking support from voters; a connected series of military actions during a war 
can - v. to be able to; to have the right to; n. a container used to hold liquid or food, usually made of metal 
cancel - v. to end; to stop 
cancer - n. a disease in which dangerous cells grow quickly and destroy parts of the body 
candidate - n. a person who seeks or is nominated for an office or an honor 
capital - n. the official center of a government; the city where a country's government is 
capture - v. to make a person or animal a prisoner; to seize or take by force; to get control of 
car - n. a vehicle with wheels used to carry people; an automobile; a part of a train 
care - v. to like; to protect; to feel worry or interest 
career - n. a chosen profession; a person's working life ("The actor's career lasted for thirty years.") 
careful - ad. acting safely; with much thought 
carry - v. to take something or someone from one place to another 
case - n. a legal action 
case - n. an incident of disease ("There was only one case of chicken pox at the school.") 
cat - n. a small animal that often lives with humans 
catch - v. to seize after a chase; to stop and seize with the hands 
cause - v. to make happen; n. the thing or person that produces a result 
ceasefire - n. a halt in fighting, usually by agreement 
celebrate - v. to honor a person or event with special activities 
center - n. the middle of something; the place in the middle; a place that is the main point of an activity 
century - n. one hundred years 
ceremony - n. an act or series of acts done in a special way established by tradition 
chairman - n. a person leading a meeting or an organized group 
champion - n. the best; the winner 
chance - n. a possibility of winning or losing or that something will happen 
change - v. to make different; to become different 
charge - v. to accuse someone of something, usually a crime; n. a statement in which someone is accused of something 
chase - v. to run or go after someone or something 
cheat - v. to get by a trick; to steal from 
cheer - v. to shout approval or praise 
chemical - n. elements found in nature or made by people; substances used in the science of chemistry 
chemistry - n. the scientific study of substances, what they are made of, how they act under different conditions, and how they form other substances 
chief - n. the head or leader of a group; ad. leading; most important 
child - n. a baby; a boy or girl 
children - n. more than one child 
choose - v. to decide between two or more 
circle - n. a closed shape that has all its points equally distant from the center, like an "O" 
citizen - n. a person who is a member of a country by birth or by law 
city - n. any important large town 
civilian - ad. not military 
civil_rights - n. the political, economic and social rights given equally to all people of a nation 
claim - v. to say something as a fact 
clash - n. a battle; v. to fight or oppose 
class - n. a group of students who meet to study the same subject; also, a social or economic group. ("They were members of the middle class.") 
clean - v. to make pure; ad. free from dirt or harmful substances ("clean water") 
clear - ad. easy to see or see through; easily understood 
clergy - n. a body of officials within a religious organization 
climate - n. the normal weather conditions of a place 
climb - v. to go up or down something by using the feet and sometimes the hands 
clock - n. a device that measures and shows time 
close - v. to make something not open; ad. near to 
cloth - n. a material made from plants, chemicals, animal hair and other substances 
clothes - n. what people wear 
cloud - n. a mass of fog high in the sky 
coal - n. a solid black substance used as fuel 
coalition - n. forces, groups or nations joined together 
coast - n. land on the edge of the ocean 
coffee - n. a drink made from the plant of the same name 
cold - ad. not warm; having or feeling great coolness or a low temperature 
collapse - v. to fall down or inward suddenly; to break down or fail suddenly in strength, health or power. ("The building collapsed in the earthquake." "The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.") 
collect - v. to bring or gather together in one place; to demand and receive ("collect taxes") 
college - n. a small university 
colony - n. land controlled by another country or government 
color - n. the different effects of light on the eye, making blue, red, brown, black, yellow and others 
combine - v. to mix or bring together 
come - v. to move toward; to arrive 
command - v. to order; to have power over something 
comment - v. to say something about; to express an opinion about something 
committee - n. a group of people given special work 
common - ad. usual; same for all ("a common purpose") 
communicate - v. to tell; to give or exchange information 
community - n. a group of people living together in one place or area 
company - n. a business organized for trade, industrial or other purposes 
compare - v. to examine what is different or similar 
compete - v. to try to do as well as, or better than, another or others 
complete - ad. having all parts; ended or finished 
complex - ad. of or having many parts that are difficult to understand; not simple 
compromise - n. the settlement of an argument where each side agrees to accept less than first demanded 
computer - n. an electronic machine for storing and organizing information, and for communicating with others 
concern - n. interest, worry ("express concern about"); v. to fear ("to be concerned") 
condemn - v. to say a person or action is wrong or bad 
condition - n. something declared necessary to complete an agreement; a person's health 
conference - n. a meeting 
confirm - v. to approve; to say that something is true 
conflict - n. a fight; a battle, especially a long one 
congratulate - v. to praise a person or to express pleasure for success or good luck 
Congress - n. the organization of people elected to make the laws of the United States (the House of Representatives and the Senate); a similar organization in other countries 
connect - v. to join one thing to another; to unite; to link 
conservative - n. one who usually supports tradition and opposes great change 
consider - v. to give thought to; to think about carefully 
constitution - n. the written general laws and ideas that form a nation's system of government 
contact - n. the act of touching or being close to a person or thing ("He was in contact with animals that had the disease.") v. to meet or communicate with ("He wanted to contact his local official.") 
contain - v. to hold; to include 
container - n. a box, bottle or can used to hold something 
continent - n. any of the seven great land areas of the world 
continue - v. to go on doing or being 
control - v. to direct; to have power over 
convention - n. a large meeting for a special purpose 
cook - v. to heat food before eating it 
cool - ad. almost cold 
cooperate - v. to act or work together 
copy - v. to make something exactly like another; n. something made to look exactly like another 
corn - n. a food grain 
correct - ad. true; free from mistakes; v. to change to what is right 
corruption - n. actions taken to gain money or power that are legally or morally wrong 
cost - n. the price or value of something ("The cost of the book is five dollars."); v. to be valued at ("The book costs five dollars.") 
cotton - n. a material made from a plant of the same name 
count - v. to speak or add numbers 
country - n. a nation; the territory of a nation; land away from cities 
court - n. where trials take place; where judges make decisions about law 
cover - v. to put something over a person or thing; n. anything that is put over a person or thing 
cow - n. a farm animal used for its milk 
crash - v. to fall violently; to hit with great force 
create - v. to make; to give life or form to 
creature - n. any living being; any animal or human 
credit - n. an agreement that payments will be made at a later time 
crew - n. a group of people working together 
crime - n. an act that violates a law 
criminal - n. a person who is responsible for a crime 
crisis - n. an extremely important time when something may become much better or worse; a dangerous situation 
criticize - v. to say what is wrong with something or someone; to condemn; to judge 
crop - n. plants that are grown and gathered for food, such as grains, fruits and vegetables 
cross - v. to go from one side to another; to go across 
crowd - n. a large number of people gathered in one place 
crush - v. to damage or destroy by great weight; to defeat completely 
cry - v. to express or show sorrow or pain 
culture - n. all the beliefs, traditions and arts of a group or population 
cure - v. to improve health; to make well ("The doctor can cure the disease."); n. something that makes a sick person well ("Antibiotics are a cure for infection.") 
curfew - n. an order to people to stay off the streets or to close their businesses 
current - n. movement of air, water or electricity; ad. belonging to the present time ("She found the report in a current publication.") 
custom - n. a long-established belief or activity of a people 
customs - n. taxes on imports 
cut - v. to divide or injure with a sharp tool; to make less; to reduce 
dam - n. a wall built across a river to hold back flowing water 
damage - v. to cause injury or destruction; n. harm; hurt or injury, usually to things 
dance - v. to move the body and feet to music; n. a series of steps, usually to music 
danger - n. a strong chance of suffering injury, damage or loss 
dark - ad. having little or no light ("The room was dark.") 
date - n. an expression of time; a day, month and year 
daughter - n. a person's female child 
day - n. twenty-four hours; the hours of sunlight 
dead - ad. not living 
deaf - ad. not able to hear 
deal - v. to have to do with ("The talks will deal with the problem of pollution."); to buy or sell ("Her company deals in plastic.") 
debate - v. to argue for or against something; n. a public discussion or argument 
debt - n. something that is owed; the condition of owing 
decide - v. to choose; to settle; to judge 
declare - v. to say; to make a statement 
decrease - v. to make less in size or amount 
deep - ad. going far down; a long way from top to bottom 
defeat - v. to cause to lose in a battle or struggle; n. a loss; the condition of having lost 
defend - v. to guard or fight against attack; to protect 
deficit - n. a shortage that results when spending is greater than earnings, or imports are greater than exports 
define - v. to give the meaning of; to explain 
degree - n. a measure of temperature 
delay - v. to decide to do something at a later time; to postpone; to cause to be late 
delegate - n. one sent to act for another; one who represents another 
demand - v. to ask by ordering; to ask with force 
democracy - n. the system of government in which citizens vote to choose leaders or to make other important decisions 
demonstrate - v. to make a public show of opinions or feelings ("The crowd demonstrated in support of human rights."); to explain by using examples ("The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.") 
denounce - v. to accuse of being wrong or evil; to criticize severely 
deny - v. to declare that something is not true; to refuse a request 
depend - v. to need help and support 
deplore - v. to regret strongly; to express sadness 
deploy - v. to move forces or weapons into positions for action 
depression - n. severe unhappiness; a period of reduced business and economic activity during which many people lose their jobs 
describe - v. to give a word picture of something; to give details of something 
desert - n. a dry area of land 
design - v. to plan or create plans for 
desire - v. to want very much; to wish for 
destroy - v. to break into pieces; to end the existence of 
detail - n. a small part of something; a small piece of information 
detain - v. to keep or hold ("The police detained several suspects for questioning.")
develop - v. to grow; to create; to experience progress 
device - n. a piece of equipment made for a special purpose 
dictator - n. a ruler with complete power 
die - v. to become dead; to stop living; to end 
diet - n. usual daily food and drink 
different - ad. not the same 
difficult - ad. not easy; hard to do, make or carry out 
dig - v. to make a hole in the ground 
dinner - n. the main amount of food eaten at a usual time ("The family had its dinner at noon."); a special event that includes food ("The official dinner took place at the White House.") 
diplomat - n. a person who represents his or her government in dealing with another government 
direct - v. to lead; to aim or show the way ("He directed me to the theater."); ad. straight to something; not through some other person or thing ("The path is direct.") 
direction - n. the way (east, west, north, south); where someone or something came from or went to 
dirt - n. earth or soil 
disappear - v. to become unseen; to no longer exist 
disarm - v. to take away weapons; to no longer keep weapons; to make a bomb harmless by removing its exploding device 
disaster - n. an event causing widespread destruction or loss of life, such as an earthquake or plane crash
discover - v. to find or learn something 
discrimination - n. unfair treatment or consideration based on opinions about a whole group instead of on the qualities of an individual. ("He was accused of discrimination against people from other countries.") 
discuss - v. to talk about; to exchange ideas 
disease - n. a sickness in living things, often caused by viruses, germs or bacteria 
dismiss - v. to send away; to refuse to consider 
dispute - v. to oppose strongly by argument; n. an angry debate 
dissident - n. a person who strongly disagrees with his or her government 
distance - n. the amount of space between two places or objects ("The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.") 
dive - v. to jump into water head first 
divide - v. to separate into two or more parts 
do - v. to act; to make an effort 
doctor - n. a person trained in medicine to treat sick people 
document - n. an official piece of paper with facts written on it, used as proof or support of something 
dog - n. a small animal that often lives with humans 
dollar - n. United States money, one hundred cents 
donate - v. to present something as a gift to an organization, country or cause. ("She donated money to the Red Cross to help survivors of the earthquake.") 
door - n. an opening for entering or leaving a building or room 
double - v. to increase two times as much in size, strength or number
down - ad. from higher to lower; in a low place 
dream - v. to have a picture or story in the mind during sleep; n. a picture or story in the mind during sleep; a happy idea about the future 
drink - v. to take liquid into the body through the mouth 
drive - v. to control a moving vehicle 
drop - v. to fall or let fall; to go lower 
drown - v. to die under water 
drug - n. anything used as a medicine or in making medicine; a chemical substance used to ease pain or to affect the mind 
dry - ad. not wet; without rain 
during - ad. through the whole time; while (something is happening) 
dust - n. pieces of matter so small that they can float in the air 
duty - n. one's job or responsibility; what one must do because it is right and just 
each - ad. every one by itself 
early - ad. at or near the beginning, especially the beginning of the day; opposite late 
earn - v. to be paid in return for work done 
earth - n. the planet we all live on; the ground or soil 
earthquake - n. a sudden, violent shaking of the earth's surface 
ease - v. to reduce; to make less difficult 
east - n. the direction from which the sun rises 
easy - ad. not difficult; not hard to do 
eat - v. to take food into the body through the mouth 
ecology - n. the scientific study of the environment and links among living and material things 
economy - n. the system by which money, industry and trade are organized 
edge - n. the line where something ends or begins 
education - n. the act of teaching 
effect - n. the result or change caused by something ("The storm had a serious effect on the economy.") 
effort - n. an attempt; the work necessary to do something 
egg - n. the rounded object containing unborn young produced by female birds, fish or reptiles; a single cell in a female person or animal that can develop into a baby 
either - ad. one of two, but not the other 
elect - v. to choose by voting 
electricity - n. a form of energy that flows through wires to provide heat and light, and power to machines 
embassy - n. the offices of an ambassador and his or her assistants
embryo - n. a human or animal in the earliest stages of its development 
emergency - n. an unexpected and dangerous situation demanding quick action 
emotion - n. a strong feeling such as love, hate, fear or sadness 
employ - v. to give work in return for wages 
empty - ad. having nothing inside; v. to remove everything 
end - v. to stop; to finish; n. the part which comes last 
enemy - n. a person opposing or hating another; a person or people of the other side in a war 
energy - n. power used to do work, usually with machines; the ability and willingness to be active 
enforce - v. to make something be done 
engine - n. a machine that uses energy to cause movement or to do work 
engineer - n. a person who designs engines, machines, roads, bridges or railroads 
enjoy - v. to be pleased or satisfied by something 
enough - ad. as much as necessary; pro. the amount needed 
enter - v. to come or go into 
environment - n. all surrounding things, conditions and influences that affect life; the natural world of land, sea, air, plants and animals 
equal - ad. the same in amount, size, weight or value; having the same rights 
equipment - n. things, tools or machines needed for a purpose or activity 
escape - v. to get free; to get away from; to get out of 
especially - ad. more than others ("We liked the food, especially the fish.") 
establish - v. to bring into existence; to create 
estimate - v. to form an opinion about a value, size or amount using less than complete information 
ethnic - ad. of or concerning people belonging to a large group because of their race, religion, language, tribe or where their ancestors lived 
evaporate - v. to change from a liquid into a gas 
even - ad. in a way not thought possible ("They survived, even though the building was destroyed.") 
event - n. that which happens, especially something of importance 
ever - ad. at any time 
every - ad. each one; all 
evidence - n. material or facts that prove something; a reason for believing 
evil - ad. not good; extremely bad 
exact - ad. having no mistakes; correct in every detail 
examine - v. to study closely 
example - n. a part that shows what the rest of a thing or group is like 
excellent - ad. extremely good 
except - prep. but for 
exchange - v. to trade; to give or receive one thing for another 
excuse - v. to take away blame; to pardon; to forgive; n. a reason (sometimes false) for an action 
execute - v. to kill 
exercise - n. an activity or effort for the purpose of improving the body or to stay in good health 
exile - v. to force a person to leave his or her country; to expel; n. a person who is forced to leave his or her country 
exist - v. to be; to live 
expand - v. to make larger; to grow larger 
expect - v. to think or believe that something will happen; to wait for an event 
expel - v. to force out; to remove from; to send away 
experience - v. to live through an event, situation or condition ("She experienced great pain."); n. something that one has done or lived through ("The experience caused her great pain.") 
experiment - v. to test; n. a test or trial carried out to prove if an idea is true or false, or to discover something 
expert - n. a person with special knowledge or training 
explain - v. to give reasons for; to make clear; to tell about; to tell the meaning 
explode - v. to break apart violently with a loud noise, like a bomb 
explore - v. to travel in a place that is not well known to learn more about it; to make a careful search; to examine closely 
export - v. to send to another country; n. something sent to another country, usually for sale 
express - v. to say clearly 
extend - v. to stretch out in area or length; to continue for a longer time 
extra - ad. more than normal, expected or necessary 
extraordinary - ad. far greater or better than the usual or normal 
extreme - ad. more than the usual or accepted 
extremist - n. a person with strong religious or political beliefs who acts in an extreme or violent way 
face - n. the front of the head: eyes, nose, mouth; v. to look toward; to turn toward; to have before you, such as a problem or danger 
fact - n. something known or proved to be true 
factory - n. a building or group of buildings where goods are made 
fail - v. to not succeed; to not reach a goal 
fair - ad. just; honest; what is right 
fall - v. to go down quickly; to come down; to drop to the ground or a lower position 
false - ad. not true; not correct 
family - n. the group that includes children and their parents 
famous - ad. known very well to many people 
fan - n. a person who actively supports a sport, activity or performer ("The baseball fan attended every game his team played.")
far - ad. at, to or from a great distance 
farm - n. land used to grow crops and animals for food 
fast - ad. moving or working at great speed; quick 
fat - n. tissue in the bodies of humans and animals used to store energy and to keep warm; ad. thick; heavy 
father - n. the male parent; a man who has a child or children 
favorite - ad. liked more than others ("Ice cream was her favorite food.") 
fear - v. to be afraid; to worry that something bad is near or may happen ("He feared falling down."); n. a strong emotion when there is danger or trouble ("He had a fear that he would fall down.") 
federal - ad. of or having to do with a national or central government 
feed - v. to give food to 
feel - v. to have or experience an emotion; to know by touching 
female - n. a woman or girl; the sex that gives birth; ad. of or about women 
fence - n. something around an area of land to keep animals or people in or out 
fertile - ad. rich in production of plants or animals; producing much 
few - ad. not many; a small number of 
field - n. an area of open land, usually used to grow crops or to raise animals 
fierce - ad. extremely strong; violent; angry 
fight - v. to use violence or force; to attempt to defeat or destroy an enemy; n. the use of force; a battle 
fill - v. to put or pour something into a container until there is space for no more 
film - v. to record something so it can be seen again; to make a motion picture or movie; n. a thin piece of material for making pictures with a camera; a movie 
final - ad. at the end; last 
financial - ad. of or about the system that includes the use of money, credit, investments and banks 
find - v. to discover or learn something by searching or by accident; to decide a court case ("The jury finds the man guilty of murder.") 
fine - n. a payment ordered by a court to punish someone for a crime; ad. very good; very small or thin 
finish - v. to complete; to end 
fire - v. to shoot a gun; n. the heat and light produced by something burning 
firework - n. rocket producing bright fire in the sky, used in holiday celebrations 
firm - ad. not easily moved or changed ("She is firm in her opinion.") 
first - ad. coming before all others 
fish - n. a creature that lives and can breathe in water 
fit - v. to be of the correct size or shape ("These shoes fit my feet.") 
fix - v. to make good or right again 
flag - n. a piece of colored cloth used to represent a nation, government or organization 
flat - ad. smooth; having no high places 
flee - v. to run away from 
float - v. to be on water without sinking; to move or be moved gently on water or through air 
flood - v. to cover with water; n. the movement of water out of a river, lake or ocean onto land 
floor - n. the bottom part of a room for walking on ("The book fell to the floor."); the level of a building ("The fire was on the first floor.") 
flow - v. to move like a liquid 
flower - n. the colored part of plants that carry seeds 
fluid - n. any substance that can flow, such as a liquid 
fly - v. to move through the air with wings, like a bird or airplane; to travel in an airplane or flying vehicle 
fog - n. a mass of wet air that is difficult to see through; a cloud close to the ground 
follow - v. to come or go after; to accept the rule or power of; to obey 
food - n. that which is taken in by all living things for energy, strength and growth 
fool - v. to make someone believe something that is not true; to trick; n. a person who is tricked easily 
foot - n. the bottom part of the leg; the part of the body that touches the ground when a person or animal walks 
for - prep. because of ("He is famous for his work."); in exchange ("Give me one dollar for the book."); through space or time ("They travelled for one hour."); representative of ("I speak for all people."); to be employed by ("She works for a computer company.") 
force - v. to make someone do something or make something happen by using power; n. power, strength; strength used against a person or object; military power of a nation; a military group 
foreign - ad. of, about or from another nation; not from one's own place or country 
forest - n. a place of many trees 
forget - v. to not remember 
forgive - v. to pardon; to excuse; to remove guilt 
form - v. to make; to start; to shape ("They formed a swim team."); n. a kind ("Swimming is a form of exercise.") 
former - ad. earlier in time; not now 
forward - ad. the direction in front of; toward the front 
free - v. to release; ad. not controlled by another or by outside forces; not in prison; independent; not limited by rules; without cost 
freedom - n. the condition of being free 
freeze - v. to cause or to become very cold; to make or to become hard by cold 
fresh - ad. newly made or gathered; recent 
friend - n. a person one likes and trusts 
frighten - v. to cause great fear 
from - prep. having a person, place or thing as a beginning or cause ("It is a message from the president."); at a place distant, not near ("The school is five kilometers from my home."); because of ("He is suffering from cancer.") 
front - n. the forward part; the opposite of back; the beginning; the first part 
fruit - n. food from trees and plants 
fuel - n. any substance burned to create heat or power 
full - ad. containing as much as a person or thing can hold; complete 
fun - n. anything that is pleasing and causes happiness 
funeral - n. a ceremony held in connection with the burial or burning of the dead 
future - n. time after now ("We can talk about it in the future."); ad. in the time to come ("All future meetings will be held in this room.") 
gain - v. to get possession of; to get more; to increase 
game - n. an activity with rules in which people or teams play or compete, usually sports 
gas - n. any substance that is not solid or liquid; any substance that burns to provide heat, light or power 
gather - v. to bring or come together into a group or place; to collect 
general - n. a high military leader; ad. without details; affecting or including all or almost all 
generation - n. a group of individuals born and living at about the same time. ("The mother and daughter represented two generations.")
genocide - n. a plan of action to kill or destroy a national, religious, racial or ethnic group 
gentle - ad. soft; kind; not rough or violent 
get - v. to receive; to gain; to go and bring back; to become; to become the owner of 
gift - n. something given without cost 
girl - n. a young female person 
give - v. to present to another to keep without receiving payment 
glass - n. a hard, clear material that is easily broken, used most often for windows or for containers to hold liquids 
go - v. to move from one place to another; to leave 
goal - n. that toward which an effort is directed; that which is aimed at; the end of a trip or race 
god - n. the spirit that is honored as creator of all things ("They believe in God."); a spirit or being believed in many religions to have special powers 
gold - n. a highly valued yellow metal 
good - ad. pleasing; helpful; kind; correct; not bad 
goods - n. things owned or made to be sold 
govern - v. to control; to rule by military or political power 
government - n. a system of governing; the organization of people that rules a country, city or area 
grain - n. the seed of grass plants used for food, such as wheat, rice and corn; those plants that produce the seeds 
grass - n. a plant with long, narrow, green leaves 
gray - ad. having the color like that made by mixing black and white 
great - ad. very large or more than usual in size or number; very good; important 
green - ad. having the color like that made by mixing yellow and blue; having the color like that of growing leaves and grass 
grind - v. to reduce to small pieces by crushing 
ground - n. land; the earth's surface; soil 
group - n. a number of people or things together; a gathering of people working for a common purpose 
grow - v. to develop or become bigger; to increase in size or amount 
guarantee - v. to promise a result; to promise that something will happen 
guard - v. to watch and protect a person, place or thing ("He guards the president."); n. a person or thing that watches or protects ("He is a prison guard.") 
guerrilla - n. a person who fights as part of an unofficial army, usually against an official army or police 
guide - v. to lead to; to show the way; n. one who shows the way 
guilty - ad. having done something wrong or in violation of a law; responsible for a bad action 
gun - n. a weapon that shoots bullets 
hair - n. the fine material that grows from the skin, especially from the head 
half - n. one of two equal parts of something 
halt - v. to come or cause to come to a stop; to stop 
hang - v. to place something so the highest part is supported and the lower part is not; to kill by hanging 
happen - v. to become a fact or event; to take place 
happy - ad. pleased; satisfied; feeling good; not sad 
hard - ad. not easily cut or broken; solid; difficult to do or understand; needing much effort or force 
harm - v. to injure; to damage; n. damage; hurt 
harvest - v. to gather crops; n. the crop after it is gathered 
hat - n. a head cover 
hate - v. to have strong emotions against; to consider as an enemy; opposite love 
have - v. to possess; to own; to hold 
he - pro. the boy or man who is being spoken about 
head - v. to lead; to command; n. leader; chief; the top part of something; the highest position 
headquarters - n. the center from which orders are given; the main offices of a business or organization 
heal - v. to return to good health; to cure; to become well 
health - n. the general condition of the body and mind; the condition of being free from sickness or disease 
hear - v. to receive sound through the ears; to receive news about 
heat - v. to make hot or warm; n. great warmth; that which is produced by burning fuel; energy from the sun 
heavy - ad. having much weight; not easy to lift; of great amount or force 
helicopter - n. a machine without wings that can fly up or down or remain in one place above the ground 
help - v. to give support; to assist; to make easier; n. support; aid 
here - ad. in, to or at this place 
hero - n. a person honored for being brave or wise 
hide - v. to prevent from being seen or found; to make secret 
high - ad. tall; far up; far above the ground; important; above others 
hijack - v. to seize or take control of a vehicle by force 
hill - n. a small mountain 
history - n. the written record or description of past events; the study of the past 
hit - v. to strike; to touch with force 
hold - v. to carry or support, usually in the hands or arms; to keep in one position; to keep as a prisoner; to contain; to possess; to occupy; to organize and be involved in ("The two sides hold talks this week.") 
hole - n. an opening; a torn or broken place in something 
holiday - n. a day when one does not work; a day on which no work is done to honor or remember a person or event 
holy - ad. greatly honored in religion 
home - n. the building where a person lives, especially with family; the place where one was born or comes from; the area or country where one lives 
honest - ad. truthful; able to be trusted 
honor - v. to obey; to show strong, good feelings for ("to honor one's parents"); n. an award; an act of giving special recognition ("He received many honors for his efforts to help others.") 
hope - v. to expect; to believe there is a good chance that something will happen as wanted; to want something to happen 
horrible - ad. causing great fear; terrible 
horse - n. a large animal often used for racing, riding or farm work 
hospital - n. a place where sick or injured people are given medical care 
hostage - n. a person captured and held as a guarantee that a demand or promise will be honored 
hostile - ad. ready to fight; ready for war 
hot - ad. having or feeling great heat or a high temperature 
hotel - n. a building with rooms, and often food, for travellers 
hour - n. a measure of time; sixty minutes 
house - n. a building in which people live; a country's parliament or lawmaking group ("House of Representatives") 
how - ad. in what way; to what amount 
however - conj. yet; but 
huge - ad. very big; of great size 
human - ad. of or about people 
humor - n. the ability to understand, enjoy or express what makes people laugh 
hunger - n. the need for food 
hunt - v. to search for animals to capture or kill them; to seek; to try to find 
hurry - v. to do or go fast 
hurt - v. to cause pain, injury or damage 
husband - n. a man who is married 
I - pro. the person speaking 
ice - n. frozen water 
idea - n. a thought or picture in the mind; a belief 
identify - v. to recognize someone or something and to say who or what they are 
if - conj. on condition; provided that ("I will go if you go.") 
ignore - v. to pay no attention to or refuse to consider ("The president ignored the protesters outside his office.") 
illegal - ad. not legal; in violation of a law 
imagine - v. to make a picture in the mind; to form an idea 
immediate - ad. without delay; very near in time or place 
immigrant - n. a person who arrives in a country to live there 
import - v. to bring from another country; n. something brought from another country, usually for sale 
important - ad. having great meaning, value or power 
improve - v. to make better; to become better 
in - prep. inside; held by; contained by; surrounded by; during 
incident - n. an event or something that happens 
incite - v. to urge or cause an action or emotion, usually something bad or violent 
include - v. to have; to make a part of 
increase - v. to make more in size or amount 
independent - ad. not influenced by or controlled by another or others; free; separate 
individual - n. one person 
industry - n. any business that produces goods or provides services; the work and related activity in factories and offices; all organizations involved in manufacturing 
infect - v. to make sick with something that causes disease 
inflation - n. a continuing rise in prices while the value of money goes down 
influence - v. to have an effect on someone or something; to cause change 
inform - v. to tell; to give knowledge to 
information - n. knowledge; facts 
inject - v. to force a fluid into, such as putting medicine or drugs into the body through the skin 
injure - v. to cause harm or damage to a person or animal 
innocent - ad. not guilty of a crime; not responsible for a bad action 
insane - ad. mentally sick 
insect - n. a very small creature, usually with many legs and sometimes with wings 
inspect - v. to look at something carefully; to examine, especially by an expert 
instead - ad. in the place of; taking the place of 
instrument - n. a tool or device designed to do something or to make something 
insult - v. to say something or to do something that makes another person angry or dishonored 
intelligence - n. the ability to think or learn; information gathered by spying 
intelligent - ad. quick to understand or learn 
intense - ad. very strong; extremely serious 
interest - n. what is important to someone ("He acted to protect his interests." "She had a great interest in painting."); a share in owning a business; money paid for the use of money borrowed 
interfere - v. to get in the way of; to work against; to take part in the activities of others, especially when not asked to do so 
international - ad. of or about more than one nation or many nations; of the whole world 
Internet - n. the extensive communications system that connects computers around the world 
intervene - v. to come between; to come between in order to settle or solve 
invade - v. to enter an area or country by force with an army 
invent - v. to plan and make something never made before; to create a new thing or way of doing something 
invest - v. to give money to a business or organization with the hope of making more money 
investigate - v. to study or examine all information about an event, situation or charge; to search for the truth 
invite - v. to ask someone to take part in or join an event, organization or gathering 
involve - v. to take part in; to become a part of; to include 
iron - n. a strong, hard metal used to make machines and tools 
island - n. a land area with water all around it 
issue - n. an important problem or subject that people are discussing or arguing about 
it - pro. a thing, place, event or idea that is being spoken about ("The sky is blue, but it also has a few white clouds.") 
jail - n. a prison for those waiting to be tried for a crime or for those serving sentences for crimes that are not serious 
jewel - n. a valuable stone, such as a diamond or emerald 
job - n. the work that one does to earn money 
join - v. to put together or come together; to become part of or a member of 
joint - ad. shared by two or more 
joke - n. something done or said to cause others to laugh 
judge - v. to form an opinion about; to decide a question, especially a legal one; n. a public official who decides problems of law in a court 
jump - v. to push down on the feet and move up quickly into the air 
jury - n. a group of people chosen to decide what is true in a trial 
just - ad. only ("Help me for just a minute."); very shortly before or after the present ("He just left."); at the same time ("He left just as I came in."); what is right or fair ("The law is just, in my opinion.") 
justice - n. the quality of being right, fair or lawful 
keep - v. to possess; to have for oneself 
kick - v. to hit with the foot 
kidnap - v. to seize and take away by force 
kill - v. to make dead; to cause to die 
kind - n. sort ("What kind of dog is that?"); ad. gentle; caring; helpful 
kiss - v. to touch with the mouth to show love or honor 
knife - n. a tool or weapon used to cut 
know - v. to understand something as correct; to have the facts about; to recognize someone because you have met and talked together before 
knowledge - n. that which is known; learning or understanding 
labor - n. work; workers as a group 
laboratory - n. a room or place where experiments in science are done 
lack - v. to be without; n. the condition of needing, wanting or not having 
lake - n. a large area of fresh water surrounded by land 
land - v. to come to the earth from the air ("Airplanes land at airports."); n. the part of the earth not covered by water; the ground 
language - n. words and their use; what people speak in a country, nation or group 
large - ad. big; being of more than usual size, amount or number; opposite small 
last - v. to continue ("The talks will last three days."); ad. after all others; the only one remaining ("She is the last person in line.") 
late - ad. after the correct time; near the end; opposite early 
laugh - v. to make sounds to express pleasure or happy feelings 
launch - v. to put into operation; to begin; to send into the air or space 
law - n. all or any rules made by a government 
lead - v. to show the way; to command; to control; to go first 
leak - v. to come out of or to escape through a small opening or hole (usually a gas or liquid) 
learn - v. to get knowledge about; to come to know a fact or facts 
leave - v. to go away from; to let something stay where it is 
left - ad. on the side that is toward the west when one is facing north; opposite right 
legal - ad. of or in agreement with the law 
legislature - n. a government lawmaking group 
lend - v. to permit someone to use a thing temporarily; to make a loan of money 
less - ad. smaller in amount; not as much 
let - v. to permit to do or to be; to make possible 
letter - n. a message written on paper; a communication in writing sent to another person 
level - n. the amount or height that something reaches or rises to; the position of something or someone 
liberal - ad. one who usually supports social progress or change 
lie - v. to have one's body on the ground or other surface; to say something that one knows is not true 
life - n. the time between being born and dying; opposite death; all living things 
lift - v. to take or bring up to a higher place or level 
light - n. a form of energy that affects the eyes so that one is able to see; anything that produces light; ad. bright; clear; not heavy 
lightning - n. light produced by electricity in the air, usually during a storm 
like - v. to be pleased with; to have good feelings for someone or something; ad. in the same way as; similar to 
limit - v. to restrict to a number or amount; n. the greatest amount or number permitted 
line - n. a long, thin mark on a surface; a number of people or things organized; one after another; the edge of an area protected by military forces 
link - v. to connect; to unite one thing or event with another; n. a relation between two or more things, situations or events 
liquid - n. a substance that is not a solid or gas, and can move freely, like water 
list - v. to put in writing a number of names of people or things; n. a written series of names or things 
listen - v. to try to hear 
literature - n. all the poems, stories and writings of a period of time or of a country 
little - ad. not tall or big; a small amount 
live - v. to have life; to exist; ad. having life; alive 
load - v. to put objects on or into a vehicle or container; n. that which is carried 
loan - n. money borrowed that usually must be returned with interest payments; something borrowed 
local - ad. about or having to do with one place 
lonely - ad. feeling alone and wanting friends; visited by few or no people ("a lonely man") 
long - ad. not short; measuring from beginning to end; measuring much; for much time 
look - v. to turn the eyes toward so as to see; to search or hunt for; to seem to be 
lose - v. to have no longer; to not find; to fail to keep; to be defeated 
loud - ad. having a strong sound; full of sound or noise 
love - v. to like very much; to feel a strong, kind emotion (sometimes involving sex); n. a strong, kind emotion for someone or something; opposite hate 
low - ad. not high or tall; below the normal height; close to the ground 
loyal - ad. showing strong friendship and support for someone or something 
luck - n. something that happens by chance 
machine - n. a device with moving parts used to do work 
magazine - n. a publication of news, stories, pictures or other information 
mail - n. letters, papers and other things sent through an official system, such as a post office 
main - ad. the most important or largest 
major - ad. great in size, importance or amount 
majority - n. the greater number; more than half 
make - v. to produce; to create; to build; to do something or to carry out an action; to cause to be or to become 
male - n. a man or boy; the sex that is the father of children; ad. of or about men 
man - n. an adult male human 
manufacture - v. to make goods in large amounts 
many - ad. a large number or amount of 
map - n. a picture of the earth's surface or a part of it 
march - v. to walk in a group like soldiers; to walk together in a large group to protest about something 
mark - v. to make a sign or cut on something 
market - n. a place or area where goods are sold, bought or traded; an economic system in which the prices of things are decided by how many there are and how much money people are willing to pay for them 
marry - v. to join a man and woman together as husband and wife; to become husband and wife (usually in a religious or civil ceremony) 
mass - n. an amount of matter having no special form and usually of a large size 
mate - v. to bring together a male and a female to create another creature 
material - n. the substance, substances or matter of which something is made or from which something can be made, such as wood, cloth or stone; anything that can be made into something else 
mathematics - n. the science dealing with amounts, sizes and shapes, as explained by numbers and signs 
matter - n. anything that can be seen or felt; what things are made of 
may - v. a word used with an action word to mean permit or possible ("May I go?" "They may leave tomorrow.") 
mayor - n. the chief official of a city or town government 
meal - n. food eaten to satisfy hunger, such as dinner 
mean - v. to want to; to give the idea of; to have the idea of 
measure - v. to learn the amount, size or distance of something; n. an action taken; a legislative proposal 
meat - n. the part of a dead animal used for food 
media - n. all public information organizations, including newspapers, television and radio 
medicine - n. a substance or drug used to treat disease or pain; the science or study of treating and curing disease or improving health 
meet - v. to come together with someone or something at the same time and place 
melt - v. to make a solid into a liquid by heating it 
member - n. one of a group 
memorial - n. something done or made to honor the memory of a person or event 
memory - n. a picture in the mind of past events; the ability to remember; a thing remembered 
mental - ad. about or having to do with the mind 
message - n. written or spoken news or information; a note from one person to another person or group 
metal - n. a hard substance such as iron, steel or gold 
method - n. the way something is done 
microscope - n. a device used to make very small things look larger so they can be studied 
middle - n. the center; a place or time of equal distance from both sides or ends; ad. in the center 
militant - n. someone active in trying to cause political change, often by the use of force or violence 
military - n. the armed forces of a nation or group; ad. of or about the armed forces 
militia - n. an army of citizens instead of professional soldiers; an armed force or private army 
milk - n. the white liquid produced by female animals to feed their young 
mind - n. the thinking, feeling part of a person 
mine - v. to dig useful or valuable substances out of the earth; n. a place in the earth where such substances are found; a bomb placed under the ground or under water so it cannot be seen 
mineral - n. a substance found in nature that is not an animal or a plant, such as coal or salt 
minister - n. a member of a cabinet; a high government official ("prime minister,"foreign minister") 
minor - ad. small in size; of little importance 
minority - n. the smaller number; opposite majority 
minute - n. a measure of time; one of the sixty equal parts of an hour; sixty seconds 
miss - v. to fail to hit, see, reach or meet 
missile - n. any weapon that can be thrown or fired through the air and explodes when it reaches its target 
missing - ad. lost; not found 
mistake - n. a wrong action or decision; an action done without the knowledge that it was wrong 
mix - v. to put different things together to make one thing 
mob - n. a large group of wild or angry people 
model - n. an example; something, usually small, made to show how something will look or work 
moderate - ad. not extreme 
modern - ad. of the present or very recent time; the most improved 
money - n. pieces of metal or paper used to pay for things 
month - n. one of the twelve periods of time into which a year is divided 
moon - n. the bright object often seen in the night sky that orbits the earth about every twenty-nine days 
moral - ad. concerning what is right or wrong in someone's actions 
more - ad. greater in size or amount 
morning - n. the early part of the day, from sunrise until noon 
most - ad. greatest in size or amount 
mother - n. the female parent; a woman who has a child or children 
motion - n. a movement; a continuing change of position or place 
mountain - n. a part of the earth's surface that rises high above the area around it 
mourn - v. to express or feel sadness 
move - v. to change position; to put or keep in motion; to go 
movement - n. the act of moving or a way of moving; a series of acts or efforts to reach a goal 
movie - n. a motion picture; a film 
much - ad. great in amount 
murder - v. to kill another person illegally; n. the crime of killing another person 
music - n. the making of sounds by singing or using a musical instrument 
must - v. a word used with an action word to mean necessary ("You must go to school.") 
mystery - n. something that is not or cannot be explained or understood; a secret 
name - v. to appoint; to nominate; to give a name to; n. a word by which a person, animal or thing is known or called 
narrow - ad. limited in size or amount; not wide; having a short distance from one side to the other 
nation - n. a country, together with its social and political systems 
native - n. someone who was born in a place, not one who moved there 
natural - ad. of or about nature; normal; common to its kind 
nature - n. all the plants, animals and other things on earth not created by humans; events or processes not caused by humans 
navy - n. the part of a country's military force trained to fight at sea 
near - ad. not far; close to 
necessary - ad. needed to get a result or effect; required 
need - v. to require; to want; to be necessary to have or to do 
negotiate - v. to talk about a problem or situation to find a common solution 
neighbor - n. a person or country that is next to or near another 
neither - ad. not one or the other of two 
neutral - ad. not supporting one side or the other in a dispute 
never - ad. at no time; not ever 
new - ad. not existing before; not known before; recently made, built, bought or grown; another; different 
news - n. information about any recent events, especially as reported by the media 
next - ad. coming immediately after; nearest 
nice - ad. pleasing; good; kind 
night - n. the time between when the sun goes down and when it rises, when there is little or no light 
no - ad. used to reject or to refuse; not any; not at all 
noise - n. sound, especially when loud 
nominate - v. to name someone as a candidate for an election; to propose a person for an office or position 
noon - n. the middle of the day; twelve o'clock in the daytime 
normal - n. the usual condition, amount or form; ad. usual; what is expected 
north - n. the direction to the left of a person facing the rising sun 
not - ad. a word showing that something is denied or untrue ("She is not going.") 
note - v. to talk about something already known; n. a word or words written to help a person remember; a short letter 
nothing - n. not anything; no thing 
now - ad. at this time; immediately 
nowhere - ad. not in, to or at any place 
nuclear - ad. of or about the energy produced by splitting atoms or bringing them together; of or about weapons that explode by using energy from atoms 
number - n. a word or sign used to show the order or amount of things 
obey - v. to act as one is ordered to act 
object - v. to show that one does not like or approve; to protest; n. something not alive that can be seen or touched 
observe - v. to watch; to look at carefully; to celebrate or honor something ("They will observe the anniversary of the day she was born.") 
occupy - v. to take and hold or to control by force 
ocean - n. the area of salt water that covers almost seventy-five percent of the earth's surface; any of the five main divisions of this water 
of - prep. made from; belonging to; about; connected to; included among 
off - ad. away; at a distance; condition when something is no longer operating or continuing; not on; not connected 
offensive - n. a military campaign of attack; ad. having to do with attacking 
offer - v. to present or propose; n. the act of presenting or proposing; that which is presented or proposed 
office - n. a room or building where business or work is done; a public position to which one is elected or appointed 
officer - n. a person in the military who commands others; any person who is a member of a police force 
official - n. a person with power in an organization; a representative of an organization or government; ad. of or about an office; approved by the government or someone in power 
often - ad. many times 
oil - n. a thick liquid that does not mix with water and that burns easily; a black liquid taken from the ground and used as fuel 
old - ad. not young or new; having lived or existed for many years 
on - prep. above and held up by; touching the upper surface of ("The book is on the table."); supported by ("He is on his feet."); about ("The report on the meeting is ready."); at the time of ("He left on Wednesday.") 
once - ad. one time only 
only - ad. being the single one or ones; no more than ("We have only two dollars.") 
open - v. to start ("They opened talks."); ad. not closed; not secret 
operate - v. to do work or a job; to cut into the body for medical reasons 
opinion - n. a belief based on one's own ideas and thinking 
oppose - v. to be against; to fight against 
opposite - ad. different as possible; completely different from; exactly the other way ("North is the opposite direction from south.") 
oppress - v. to make others suffer; to control by the use of unjust and cruel force or power 
or - conj. giving another of two choices; giving the last of several choices 
orbit - v. to travel in space around a planet or other object; n. the path or way an object travels in space around another object or planet 
order - v. to give a command; to tell someone what to do; n. a command; the correct or normal way things are organized; a peaceful situation in which people obey laws 
organize - v. to put in order; to put together into a system 
other - ad. different; of another kind; the remaining one or ones of two or more ">("That man is short; the other is tall.") 
our - ad. of or belonging to us 
oust - v. to force to leave; to remove by force 
out - ad. away from the inside; opposite of in 
over - conj. above; covering; across, in or on every part of ("all over the world") 
overthrow - v. to remove from power; to defeat or end by force 
owe - v. to pay or have to repay (usually money) in return for something received 
own - v. to have or possess for oneself 
pain - n. a hurt or suffering somewhere in the body 
paint - v. to cover with a liquid color; to make a picture with liquid colors; n. a colored liquid used to cover or protect a surface 
paper - n. a thin, flat material made from plants or cloth often used for writing 
parachute - n. a device that permits a person or thing to fall slowly from an airplane or helicopter to the ground 
parade - n. a group of people and vehicles moving together to celebrate a special event or anniversary 
pardon - v. to forgive for a crime and release from punishment 
parent - n. a father or mother 
parliament - n. a government lawmaking group 
part - n. something less than the whole; not all of something 
partner - n. a person who takes part in some activity in common with another or others. ("The two men were business partners.") 
party - n. a group of people working together for a political purpose; a group of people or friends gathered together for enjoyment 
pass - v. to go by or move around something; to move along; to cause or permit to go 
passenger - n. a person travelling by airplane, train, boat or car who is not the pilot or driver 
passport - n. a document permitting a person to travel to another country 
past - n. the time gone by; the time before; ad. recent; immediately before; former 
path - n. a narrow way for walking; a way along which something moves 
patient - n. a person being treated by a doctor for a health problem 
pay - v. to give money for work done or for something bought 
peace - n. the condition of freedom from war, fighting or noise; rest; quiet 
people - n. any group of persons; all the persons of a group, race, religion or nation ("the American people") 
percent - n. a part of every hundred ("Ten is ten percent of one hundred.") 
perfect - ad. complete or correct in every way; completely right or good; without mistakes 
perform - v. to speak, dance or sing in front of others 
period - n. an amount of time within events, restrictions or conditions 
permanent - ad. never changing; lasting for a very long time or for all time 
permit - v. to let; to make possible 
person - n. a man, woman or child 
persuade - v. to cause someone to do something by explaining or urging. ("The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.") 
physical - ad. of the body 
physics - n. the study of motion, matter and energy 
picture - n. something that shows what another thing looks like; an idea or representation of something as seen by the eye; a painting; what is made with a camera 
piece - n. a part of something larger 
pig - n. a farm animal used for its meat 
pilot - n. one who guides or flies an airplane or helicopter 
pipe - n. a long, round piece of material used to move liquid or gas 
place - v. to put something somewhere; n. an area or a part of an area; space where a person or thing is; any room, building, town or country 
plan - v. to organize or develop an idea or method of acting or doing something ">("They plan to have a party."); n. an organized or developed idea or method ("The plan will not work.") 
planet - n. a large object in space that orbits the sun ("Earth is a planet.") 
plant - v. to put into the ground to grow; n. a living growth from the ground which gets its food from air, water and earth 
plastic - n. a material made from chemicals that can be formed and made into things 
play - v. to have fun; to not work; to take part in a sport; to make music on an instrument; n. a story acted in a theater 
please - v. to make one happy; to give enjoyment 
plenty - n. all that is needed; a large enough amount 
plot - v. to make secret plans; n. a secret plan to do something wrong or illegal 
poem - n. words and their sounds organized in a special way to express emotions 
point - v. to aim one's finger toward; to aim; n. the sharp end of something 
poison - n. a substance that can destroy life or damage health 
police - n. a government agency responsible for guarding the public, keeping order, and making sure people obey the law; members of that agency 
policy - n. an established set of plans or goals used to develop and make decisions in politics, economics or business 
politics - n. the activities of government and of those who are in public office 
pollute - v. to release dangerous or unpleasant substances into the air, soil or water 
poor - n. people with little or no money; ad. lacking money or goods; of bad quality 
popular - ad. liked by many people; generally approved by the public 
population - n. all the people in a place, city or country 
port - n. a city where ships load or unload goods; a place on a coast where ships can be safe from a storm 
position - n. a place; the way of holding the body; the way a thing is set or placed; a job (or level of a job) in an organization 
possess - v. to have; to own; to control or be controlled by 
possible - ad. able to be done; can happen or is expected to happen 
postpone - v. to delay action until a later time 
pour - v. to flow; to cause to flow 
poverty - n. the condition of being poor 
power - n. the ability to control or direct others; control; strength; ruling force; force or energy used to do work ("Water power turns the wheel.") 
praise - v. to say good things about; to approve 
pray - v. to make a request to a god or spirit; to praise a god or spirit 
predict - v. to say what one believes will happen in the future. ("The weather scientist predicted a cold winter.") 
pregnant - ad. carrying a child within the body before it is born; expecting to give birth to a baby 
present - v. to offer for consideration ("We will present our idea to the committee."); n. a gift ("I gave them a present for their anniversary."); now ("The present time is a good time."); ad. to be at a place ("I was present at school yesterday.") 
president - n. the chief official of a country that is a republic; the leader of an organization 
press - v. to urge strongly; n. newspapers, magazines and other publications 
pressure - n. the force produced when something is pushed down or against something else 
prevent - v. to keep or stop from going or happening 
price - n. the amount of money for which anything is bought, sold or offered for sale 
prison - n. a place where a person is kept as punishment for a crime 
private - ad. of or about a person or group that is secret; opposite public 
prize - n. something offered or won in a competition; something of value that one must work hard for to get 
probably - ad. a good chance of taking place; a little more than possible 
problem - n. a difficult question or situation with an unknown or unclear answer 
process - n. an operation or series of changes leading to a desired result 
produce - v. to make; to create; to cause something to be; to manufacture 
profession - n. a job that requires special training 
professor - n. a teacher at a college or university 
profit - n. money gained from a business activity after paying all costs of that activity 
program - n. a plan of action; the different events or parts of a meeting or show 
progress - n. movement forward or toward improvement or a goal 
project - n. a planned effort to do something 
promise - v. to say one will do something; n. a spoken or written agreement to do something 
propaganda - n. ideas or information used to influence opinions 
property - n. anything owned by someone such as land, buildings or goods 
propose - v. to present or offer for consideration 
protect - v. to guard; to defend; to prevent from being harmed or damaged 
protest - v. to speak against; to object 
prove - v. to show to be true 
provide - v. to give something needed or wanted 
public - ad. of or about all the people in a community or country; opposite private 
publication - n. something that is published such as a book, newspaper or magazine 
publish - v. to make public something that is written; to include something in a book, newspaper or magazine 
pull - v. to use force to move something toward the person or thing using the force; opposite push 
pump - v. to force a gas or liquid up, into or through 
punish - v. to cause pain, suffering or loss for doing something bad or illegal 
purchase - v. to buy with money or with something of equal value; n. that which is bought 
pure - ad. free from anything that is different or that reduces value; clean 
purpose - n. the reason or desired effect for doing something; goal 
push - v. to use force to move something away from the person or thing using the force; opposite pull 
put - v. to place; to set in position 
quality - n. that which something is known to have or be ("An important quality of steel is its strength."); amount of value or excellence ("Their goods are of the highest quality.") 
question - v. to ask; to express wonder or disbelief; n. a sentence or word used in asking for information; a problem; an issue to be discussed 
quick - ad. fast 
quiet - ad. with little or no noise; having little or no movement; calm 
race - v. to run; to take part in a competition to decide who or what can move fastest; to take part in a campaign for political office; n. one of the major groups that humans can be divided into because of a common physical similarity, such as skin color 
radar - n. a device that uses radio signals to learn the position or speed of objects that may be too far away to be seen 
radiation - n. waves of energy from something that produces heat or light; energy from a nuclear substance, which can be dangerous 
radio - n. the system of sending and receiving signals or sounds through the air without wires 
raid - v. to make a sudden attack; n. a sudden attack carried out as an act of war, or for the purpose of seizing or stealing something 
railroad - n. a road for trains; a company that operates such a road and its stations and equipment 
rain - n. water falling from the sky 
raise - v. to lift up; to move to a higher position; to cause to grow; to increase 
rape - v. to carry out a sexual attack by force against a person
rare - ad. not common; not usual; not often 
rate - n. speed; a measure of how quickly or how often something happens; the price of any thing or service that is bought or sold 
reach - v. to put a hand toward; to arrive at; to come to 
react - v. to act as a result of or in answer to 
read - v. to look at and understand the meaning of written words or numbers 
ready - ad. prepared; completed; organized; willing 
real - ad. true; truly existing; not false 
realistic - ad. in agreement with the way things are 
reason - n. the cause for a belief or act; purpose; something that explains 
reasonable - ad. ready to listen to reasons or ideas; not extreme; ready or willing to compromise 
rebel - v. to act against a government or power, often with force; to refuse to obey; n. one who opposes or fights against the government of his or her country 
receive - v. to get or accept something given, offered or sent 
recent - ad. a short time ago 
recession - n. a temporary reduction in economic activity, when industries produce less and many workers lose their jobs 
recognize - v. to know or remember something or someone that was known, known about or seen before; to accept another nation as independent and establish diplomatic ties with its government 
record - v. to write something in order to have it for future use; to put sound or pictures in a form that can be kept and heard or seen again; n. a writing that shows proof or facts about something 
recover - v. to get again something that was lost, stolen or taken away ("The police recovered the stolen money."); to return to normal health or normal conditions She is expected to recover from the operation.") 
red - ad. having the color like that of blood 
reduce - v. to make less or smaller in number, size or amount; to cut 
reform - v. to make better by changing; to improve; n. a change to a better condition 
refugee - n. a person who has been forced to flee because of unjust treatment, danger or war 
refuse - v. to reject; to not accept, give or do something 
register - v. to have one's name officially placed on a list of people permitted to vote in an election or take part in an educational program 
regret - n. a feeling of sadness or sorrow about something that is done or that happens 
reject - v. to refuse to accept, use or believe 
relations - n. understandings or ties between nations; members of the same family; people connected by marriage or family ties 
release - v. to free; to permit to go; to permit to be known or made public 
religion - n. a belief in, or the honoring of, a god or gods 
remain - v. to stay in a place after others leave; to stay the same 
remains - n. a dead body 
remember - v. to think about the past; opposite forget 
remove - v. to take away or take off; to put an end to; to take out of a position or office 
repair - n. work done to fix something 
repeat - v. to say or do again 
report - v. to tell about; to give the results of a study or investigation; n. the story about an event; the results of a study or investigation; a statement in which the facts may not be confirmed 
represent - v. to act in the place of someone else; to substitute for; to serve as an example 
repress - v. to control or to restrict freedoms by force 
request - v. to ask for; n. the act of asking for 
require - v. to need or demand as necessary 
rescue - v. to free from danger or evil 
research - n. a careful study to discover correct information 
resign - v. to leave a position, job or office 
resist - v. to oppose; to fight to prevent 
resolution - n. an official statement of agreement by a group of people, usually reached by voting 
resource - n. anything of value that can be used or sold 
respect - v. to feel or show honor to a person or thing ("All citizens should respect the law.")
responsible - ad. having a duty or job to do ("He is responsible for preparing the report."); being the cause of ("They were responsible for the accident.") 
rest - v. to sit, lie down or sleep to regain strength; n. that which remains; the others 
restaurant - n. a place where people can buy and eat meals 
restrain - v. to keep controlled; to limit action by a person or group 
restrict - v. to limit; to prevent from increasing or becoming larger 
result - v. to happen from a cause; n. that which follows or is produced by a cause; effect 
retire - v. to leave a job or position because one is old or in poor health 
return - v. to go or come back; to bring, give, take or send back 
revolt - v. to protest violently; to fight for a change, especially of government 
rice - n. a food grain 
rich - ad. having much money or goods; having plenty of something 
ride - v. to sit on or in and be carried along; to travel by animal, wheeled vehicle, airplane or boat 
right - n. what a person legally and morally should be able to do or have ("It is their right to vote."); ad. agreeing with the facts; good; correct; opposite wrong; on the side that is toward the east when one is facing north; opposite left 
riot - v. to act with many others in a violent way in a public place; n. a violent action by a large group of people 
rise - v. to go up; to go higher; to increase; to go from a position of sitting or lying to a position of standing 
risk - n. the chance of loss, damage or injury 
river - n. a large amount of water that flows across land into another river, a lake or an ocean 
road - n. a long piece of hard ground built between two places so people can walk, drive or ride easily from one place to the other 
rob - v. to take money or property secretly or by force; to steal 
rock - n. a hard piece of mineral matter 
rocket - n. a device shaped like a tube that moves through air or space by burning gases and letting them escape from the back or bottom, sometimes used as a weapon 
roll - v. to turn over and over; to move like a ball 
room - n. a separate area within a building with its own walls 
root - n. the part of a plant that is under the ground and takes nutrients from the soil 
rope - n. a long, thick piece of material made from thinner pieces of material, used for tying 
rough - ad. not flat or smooth; having an uneven surface; violent; not made well 
round - ad. having the shape of a ball or circle 
rub - v. to move something over the surface of another thing 
rubber - n. a substance made from the liquid of trees with the same name, or a similar substance made from chemicals 
ruin - v. to damage severely; to destroy 
rule - v. to govern or control; to decide; n. a statement or an order that says how something must be done 
run - v. to move quickly by steps faster than those used for walking 
rural - ad. describing areas away from cities which may include farms, small towns and unpopulated areas 
sabotage - v. to damage or destroy as an act against an organization or nation ("The rebels sabotaged the railroad.") 
sacrifice - v. to do without something or to suffer a loss for a belief, idea, goal or another person 
sad - ad. not happy 
safe - ad. away from harm or danger 
sail - v. to travel by boat or ship 
sailor - n. a person involved in sailing a boat or ship 
salt - n. a white substance found in sea water and in the ground, used to affect the taste of food 
same - ad. not different; not changed; like another or others 
sand - n. extremely small pieces of crushed rock found in large amounts in deserts and on coasts 
satellite - n. a small object in space that moves around a larger object; an object placed in orbit around the earth 
satisfy - v. to give or provide what is desired, needed or demanded 
save - v. to make safe; to remove from harm; to keep for future use 
say - v. to speak; to express in words 
school - n. a place for education; a place where people go to learn 
science - n. the study of nature and the actions of natural things, and the knowledge gained about them 
sea - n. a large area of salt water, usually part of an ocean 
search - v. to look for carefully 
season - n. one of the four periods of the year that is based on the earth's position toward the sun (spring, summer, autumn, winter); a period of time based on different weather conditions ("dry season", "rainy season"); a period during the year when something usually happens ("baseball season") 
seat - n. a thing to sit on; a place to sit or the right to sit there ("a seat in parliament") 
second - ad. the one that comes after the first 
secret - n. something known only to a few and kept from general knowledge; ad. hidden from others; known only to a few 
security - n. freedom from danger or harm; protection; measures necessary to protect a person or place ("Security was increased in the city.") 
see - v. to know or sense through the eyes; to understand or know 
seed - n. the part of a plant from which new plants grow 
seek - v. to search for ("They are seeking a cure for cancer."); to try to get ("She is seeking election to public office."); to plan to do ("Electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal.") 
seem - v. to appear to be ("She seems to be in good health.") 
seize - v. to take quickly by force; to take control of quickly; to arrest 
self - n. all that which makes one person different from others 
sell - v. to give something in exchange for money 
Senate - n. the smaller of the two groups in the governments of some countries, such as in the United States Congress 
send - v. to cause to go; to permit to go; to cause to be carried, taken or directed to or away from a place 
sense - v. to come to know about by feeling, believing or understanding; n. any of the abilities to see, hear, taste, smell or feel 
sentence - v. to declare the punishment for a crime; n. the punishment for a crime 
separate - v. to set or keep people, things or ideas away from or independent from others; ad. not together or connected; different 
series - n. a number of similar things or events that follow one after another in time, position or order 
serious - ad. important; needing careful consideration; dangerous 
serve - v. to work as an official; to be employed by the government; to assist or help 
service - n. an organization or system that provides something for the public ("Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes."); a job that an organization or business can do for money; military organizations such as an army, navy or air force; a religious ceremony 
set - v. to put in place or position; to establish a time, price or limit 
settle - v. to end (a dispute); to agree about (a problem); to make a home in a new place 
several - ad. three or more, but not many 
severe - ad. not gentle; causing much pain, sadness or damage 
sex - n. either the male or female group into which all people and animals are divided because of their actions in producing young; the physical activity by which humans and animals can produce young 
shake - v. to move or cause to move in short, quick movements 
shape - v. to give form to; n. the form of something, especially how it looks 
share - v. to give part of something to another or others; n. a part belonging to, given to or owned by a single person or a group; any one of the equal parts of ownership of a business or company 
sharp - ad. having a thin edge or small point that can cut or hurt; causing hurt or pain 
she - pro. the girl or woman who is being spoken about 
sheep - n. a farm animal used for its meat and hair 
shell - v. to fire artillery; n. a metal container that is fired from a large gun and explodes when it reaches its target; a hard outside cover 
shelter - v. to protect or give protection to; n. something that gives protection; a place of safety 
shine - v. to aim a light; to give bright light; to be bright; to clean to make bright 
ship - v. to transport; n. a large boat 
shock - v. to cause to feel sudden surprise or fear; n. something that greatly affects the mind or emotions; a powerful shake, as from an earthquake 
shoe - n. a covering for the foot 
shoot - v. to cause a gun or other weapon to send out an object designed to kill; to use a gun 
short - ad. lasting only for a small period of time; not long; opposite tall 
should - v. used with another verb (action word) to show responsibility ("We should study."), probability ("The talks should begin soon."), or that something is believed to be a good idea ("Criminals should be punished.") 
shout - v. to speak very loudly 
show - v. to make something be seen; to make known; n. a play or story presented in a theater, or broadcast on radio or television, for enjoyment or education; something organized to be seen by the public 
shrink - v. to make or become less in size, weight or value 
sick - ad. suffering physically or mentally with a disease or other problem; not in good health 
sickness - n. the condition of being in bad health 
side - n. the outer surfaces of an object that are not the top or bottom; parts away from the middle; either the right or left half of the body 
sign - v. to write one's name; n. a mark or shape used to mean something; evidence that something exists or will happen; a flat piece of material with writing that gives information 
signal - v. to send a message by signs; n. an action or movement that sends a message 
silence - v. to make quiet; to stop from speaking or making noise; n. a lack of noise or sound 
silver - n. a valued white metal 
similar - ad. like something else but not exactly the same 
simple - ad. easy to understand or do; not difficult or complex 
since - prep. from a time in the past until now ("I have known her since we went to school together.") 
sing - v. to make music sounds with the voice 
single - ad. one only 
sink - v. to go down into water or other liquid 
sister - n. a female with the same father or mother as another person 
sit - v. to rest on the lower part of the body without the support of the legs; to become seated 
situation - n. the way things are during a period of time 
size - n. the space occupied by something; how long, wide or high something is 
skeleton - n. all the bones of a human or other animal together in their normal positions 
skill - n. the ability gained from training or experience 
skin - n. the outer covering of humans and most animals 
sky - n. the space above the earth 
slave - n. a person owned or controlled by another 
sleep - v. to rest the body and mind with the eyes closed 
slide - v. to move smoothly over a surface 
slow - v. to reduce the speed of; ad. not fast in moving, talking or other activities 
small - ad. little in size or amount; few in number; not important; opposite large 
smash - v. to break or be broken into small pieces by force; to hit or move with >force 
smell - v. to sense through the nose; n. something sensed by the nose ("the smell of food cooking") 
smoke - v. to use cigarettes or other tobacco products by burning them and breathing in the smoke; n. that which can be seen rising into the air like a cloud from something burning 
smooth - ad. having a level surface; opposite rough 
snow - n. soft, white pieces of frozen water that fall from the sky, usually in winter or when the air temperature is very cold 
so - ad. in such a way that ("He held the flag so all could see it."); also; too ("She left early, and so did we."); very ("I am so sick."); as a result ("They were sick, so they could not come."); conj. in order that; for the purpose of ("Come early so we can discuss the plans.") 
social - ad. of or about people or a group 
soft - ad. not hard; easily shaped; pleasing to touch; not loud 
soil - n. earth in which plants grow 
soldier - n. a person in the army 
solid - ad. having a hard shape with no empty spaces inside; strong; not in the form of a liquid or gas 
solve - v. to find an answer; to settle 
some - ad. of an amount or number or part not stated; not all 
son - n. a person's male child 
soon - ad. not long after the present time; quickly 
sort - n. any group of people or things that are the same or are similar in some way; a kind of something 
sound - n. fast-moving waves of energy that affect the ear and result in hearing; that which is heard 
south - n. the direction to the right of a person facing the rising sun 
space - n. the area outside the earth's atmosphere where the sun, moon, planets and stars are; the area between or inside things 
speak - v. to talk; to say words with the mouth; to express one's thoughts to others and exchange ideas; to give a speech to a group 
special - ad. of a different or unusual kind; not for general use; better or more important than others of the same kind 
speech - n. a talk given to a group of people 
speed - v. to make something go or move faster; n. the rate at which something moves or travels; the rate at which something happens or is done 
spend - v. to give as payment; to use ("He spends much time studying.") 
spill - v. to cause or permit liquid to flow out, usually by accident 
spirit - n. the part of a human that is not physical and is connected to thoughts and emotions; the part of a person that is believed to remain alive after death 
split - v. to separate into two or more parts; to divide or break into parts 
sport - n. any game or activity of competition involving physical effort or skill 
spread - v. to become longer or wider; to make or become widely known 
spring - n. the time of the year between winter and summer 
spy - v. to steal or get information secretly; n. one who watches others secretly; a person employed by a government to get secret information about another country 
square - n. a flat shape having four equal sides 
stab - v. to cut or push into or through with a pointed weapon 
stand - v. to move into or be in a position in which only the feet are on a surface; to be in one position or place 
star - n. a mass of gas that usually appears as a small light in the sky at night, but is not a planet; a famous person, usually an actor or singer 
start - v. to begin; to make something begin 
starve - v. to suffer or die from a lack of food 
state - v. to say; to declare; n. a political part of a nation 
station - n. a place of special work or purpose ("a police station"); a place where passengers get on or off trains or buses; a place for radio or television broadcasts 
statue - n. a form of a human, animal or other creature usually made of stone, wood or metal 
stay - v. to continue to be where one is; to remain; to not leave; to live for a time ("They stayed in New York for two years.") 
steal - v. to take without permission or paying 
steam - n. the gas that comes from hot water 
steel - n. iron made harder and stronger by mixing it with other substances 
step - v. to move by lifting one foot and placing it in a new position; n. the act of stepping; one of a series of actions designed to reach a goal 
stick - v. to attach something to another thing using a substance that will hold them together; to become fixed in one position so that movement is difficult ("Something is making the door stick."); n. a thin piece of wood 
still - ad. not moving ("The man was standing still."); until the present or a stated time ("Was he still there?"); even so; although ("The job was difficult, but she still wanted to do it.") 
stone - n. a small piece of rock 
stop - v. to prevent any more movement or action; to come or bring to an end 
store - v. to keep or put away for future use; n. a place where people buy things 
storm - n. violent weather, including strong winds and rain or snow 
story - n. the telling or writing of an event, either real or imagined 
stove - n. a heating device used for cooking 
straight - ad. continuing in one direction without turns 
strange - ad. unusual; not normal; not known 
street - n. a road in a city, town or village 
stretch - v. to extend for a distance; to pull on to make longer or wider 
strike - v. to hit with force; to stop work as a way to seek better conditions, more pay or to make other demands 
strong - ad. having much power; not easily broken, damaged or destroyed 
structure - n. the way something is built, made or organized; a system that is formed or organized in a special way; a building 
struggle - v. to try with much effort; to fight with; n. a great effort; a fight 
study - v. to make an effort to gain knowledge by using the mind; to examine carefully 
stupid - ad. not able to learn much; not intelligent 
subject - n. the person or thing being discussed, studied or written about 
submarine - n. an underwater ship 
substance - n. the material of which something is made (a solid, liquid or gas) 
substitute - v. to put or use in place of another; n. a person or thing put or used in place of another 
subversion - n. an attempt to weaken or destroy a political system or government, usually secretly 
succeed - v. to reach a goal or thing desired; to produce a planned result 
such - ad. of this or that kind; of the same kind as; similar to 
sudden - ad. not expected; without warning; done or carried out quickly or without preparation 
suffer - v. to feel pain in the body or mind; to receive or experience hurt or sadness 
sugar - n. a sweet substance made from liquids taken from plants 
suggest - v. to offer or propose something to think about or consider 
suicide - n. the act of killing oneself 
summer - n. the warmest time of the year, between spring and autumn 
sun - n. the huge star in the sky that provides heat and light to earth 
supervise - v. to direct and observe the work of others 
supply - v. to give; to provide; n. the amount of something that can be given or sold to others 
support - v. to carry the weight of; to hold up or in position; to agree with others and help them reach a goal; to approve 
suppose - v. to believe, think or imagine ("I suppose you are right."); to expect ("It is supposed to rain tonight.") 
suppress - v. to put down or to keep down by force; to prevent information from being known publicly 
sure - ad. very probable; with good reason to believe; true without question 
surface - n. the outer side or top of something ("The rocket landed on the surface of the moon.") 
surplus - n. an amount that is more than is needed; extra; ("That country has a trade surplus. It exports more than it imports.") 
surprise - v. to cause a feeling of wonder because something is not expected; n. something not expected; the feeling caused by something not expected 
surrender - v. to give control of oneself or one's property to another or others; to stop fighting and admit defeat 
surround - v. to form a circle around; to be in positions all around someone or something 
survive - v. to remain alive during or after a dangerous situation 
suspect - v. to imagine or believe that a person is guilty of something bad or illegal; n. a person believed to be guilty 
suspend - v. to cause to stop for a period of time 
swallow - v. to take into the stomach through the mouth 
swear_in - v. to put an official into office by having him or her promise to carry out the duties of that office ("The chief justice will swear in the president.") 
sweet - ad. tasting pleasant, like sugar 
swim - v. to move through water by making motions with the arms and legs 
sympathy - n. a sharing of feelings or emotions with another person, usually feelings of sadness 
system - n. a method of organizing or doing something by following rules or a plan; a group of connected things or parts working together for a common purpose or goal 
take - v. to put a hand or hands around something and hold it, often to move it to another place; to carry something ; to seize; to capture; to begin to be in control ("The president takes office tomorrow.") 
talk - v. to express thoughts in spoken words; n. a meeting for discussion 
tall - ad. higher than others; opposite short 
tank - n. a large container for holding liquids; a heavy military vehicle with guns 
target - n. any person or object aimed at or fired at 
taste - v. to sense through the mouth ("The fruit tastes sweet.") 
tax - n. the money a person or business must pay to the government so the government can provide services 
tea - n. a drink made from the plant of the same name 
teach - v. to show how to do something; to provide knowledge; to cause to understand 
team - n. a group organized for some purpose, often for sports 
tear - v. to pull apart, often by force 
technical - ad. involving machines, processes and materials in industry, transportation and communications; of or about a very special kind of subject or thing ("You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.") 
technology - n. the use of scientific knowledge and methods to produce goods and services 
telephone - n. a device or system for sending sounds, especially the voice, over distances 
telescope - n. a device for making objects that are far away appear closer and larger 
television - n. a device that receives electronic signals and makes them into pictures and sounds; the system of sending pictures and sounds by electronic signals over a distance so others can see and hear them on a receiver 
tell - v. to give information; to make known by speaking; to order; to command 
temperature - n. the measurement of heat and cold 
temporary - ad. lasting only a short time 
tense - ad. having fear or concern; dangerous; opposite calm 
term - n. a limited period of time during which someone does a job or carries out a responsibility ("He served two terms in Congress."); the conditions of an agreement that have been accepted by those involved in it 
terrible - ad. very bad; causing terror or fear 
territory - n. a large area of land 
terror - n. extreme fear; that which causes great fear 
terrorist - n. a person who carries out acts of extreme violence as a protest or a way to influence a government 
test - v. to attempt to learn or prove what something is like or how it will act by studying or doing ("The scientists will test the new engine soon."); n. an attempt to learn or prove what something is like or how it will act by studying or doing ("The test of the new engine takes place today."); a group of questions or problems used to find out a person's knowledge ("The students did well on the language test.") 
than - conj. connecting word used to link things that may be similar, but are not equal ("My sister is taller than I am.") 
thank - v. to say that one has a good feeling toward another because that person did something kind ("I want to thank you for helping me.") 
that - ad. showing the person, place or thing being spoken about ("That man is a soldier."); pro. the person, place or thing being spoken about ("The building that I saw was very large.") 
theater - n. a place where movies are shown or plays are performed 
them - pro. other people being spoken about 
then - ad. at that time; existing; and so 
theory - n. a possible explanation of why something exists or how something happens using experiments or ideas, but which is not yet proven ("Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.") 
thick - ad. having a large distance between two opposite surfaces ("The wall is two meters thick."); having many parts close together ("The forest is very thick."); almost solid, such as a liquid that does not flow easily; opposite thin 
thin - ad. having a small distance between two opposite surfaces; not fat; not wide; opposite thick 
thing - n. any object 
think - v. to produce thoughts; to form ideas in the mind; to consider; to believe 
third - ad. coming after two others 
threaten - v. to warn that one will do harm or cause damage 
through - prep. in at one end and out at the other; from front to back; from top to bottom; with the help of; by 
throw - v. to cause to go through the air by a movement of the arm 
tie - v. to join or hold together with some material; n. anything that joins or unites; links or connections ("The two nations have strong trade ties.") 
time - n. that which is measured in minutes, hours, days and years; a period that can be identified in hours and minutes and is shown on a clock; a period when an event should or will take place 
tired - ad. having less strength because of work or exercise; needing sleep or rest 
to - prep. showing the direction of an action; showing the person or place toward which an action is directed; showing a goal or purpose 
today - n. this day 
together - ad. in one group; at the same time or place; in cooperation 
tomorrow - n. the day after today 
tonight - n. this night 
too - ad. also; as well as; more than is necessary 
tool - n. any instrument or device designed to help one do work 
top - n. the upper edge or surface; the highest part; the cover of something 
torture - v. to cause severe pain; n. the act of causing severe pain in order to harm, to punish or to get information from 
total - n. the complete amount 
touch - v. to put the hand or fingers on 
toward - prep. in the direction of; leading to 
town - n. a center where people live, larger than a village but not as large as a city 
trade - v. to buy and sell or exchange products or services; n. the activity of buying, selling or exchanging products or services 
tradition - n. a ceremony, activity or belief that has existed for a long time 
traffic - n. the movement of people, vehicles or ships along a street, road or waterway 
tragic - ad. extremely sad; terrible 
train - v. to teach or learn how to do something; to prepare for an activity; n. an engine and the cars connected to it that move along a railroad 
transport - v. to move goods or people from one place to another 
transportation - n. the act or business of moving goods or people 
trap - v. to catch or be caught by being tricked; to be unable to move or escape; n. a device used to catch animals 
travel - v. to go from one place to another, usually for a long distance 
treason - n. the act of fighting against one's own country or of helping its enemies 
treasure - n. a large collection of money, jewels or other things of great value 
treat - v. to deal with; to act toward in a special way; to try to cure 
treatment - n. the act of treating; the use of medicine to try to cure or make better 
treaty - n. a written agreement between two or more nations 
tree - n. a very tall plant that is mostly wood, except for its leaves 
trial - n. an examination in a court of a question or dispute to decide if a charge is true 
tribe - n. a group of families ruled by a common chief or leader 
trick - v. to cheat; to fool a person so as to get something or make him or her do something 
trip - n. a movement from one place to another, usually a long distance 
troops - n. a number of soldiers in a large controlled group 
trouble - n. that which causes concern, fear, difficulty or problems 
truce - n. a temporary halt in fighting agreed to by all sides involved 
truck - n. a heavy vehicle used to carry goods 
true - ad. correct; not false 
trust - v. to believe that someone is honest and will not cause harm 
try - v. to make an effort; to take court action against a person to decide if he or she is guilty or innocent of a crime 
tube - n. a long, round structure through which liquids or gases can flow; a long, thin container in which they can be kept 
turn - v. to change direction; to move into a different position; to change color, form or shape 
 under - prep. below; below the surface of; less than; as called for by a law, agreement or system ("The river flows under the bridge." "Such action is not permitted under the law.") 
understand - v. to know what is meant; to have knowledge of 
unite - v. to join together 
universe - n. all of space, including planets and stars 
university - n. a place of education that usually includes several colleges and research organizations 
unless - conj. except if it happens; on condition that ("I will not go, unless the rain stops.") 
until - conj. up to a time; before 
up - ad. to, in or at a higher position or value 
urge - v. to advise strongly; to make a great effort to get someone to do something 
urgent - ad. needing an immediate decision or action 
us - pro. the form of the word "we" used after a preposition ("He said he would write to us.") or used as an object of a verb ("They saw us yesterday.") 
use - v. to employ for a purpose; to put into action 
usual - ad. as is normal or common; as is most often done, seen or heard 
vacation - n. a holiday; a period of time for travel, pleasure or rest, especially one with pay given to an employee 
vaccine - n. a substance containing killed or weakened organisms given to a person or animal to produce protection against a disease
valley - n. a long area of land between higher areas of land 
value - n. the quality of being useful, important or desired; the amount of money that could be received if something is sold 
vegetable - n. a plant grown for food 
vehicle - n. anything on or in which a person or thing can travel or be transported, especially anything on wheels; a car or truck 
version - n. the form of something with different details than earlier or later forms 
very - ad. extremely ("He was very late.") 
veto - v. to reject or refuse to approve 
victim - n. someone or something that is injured, killed or made to suffer; someone who is tricked 
victory - n. a success in a fight or competition 
video - n. a method of recording images and sound without a traditional film camera to be shown on a television, computer or other device
village - n. a very small town 
violate - v. to fail to obey or honor; to break (an agreement) 
violence - n. the use of force to cause injury, death or damage 
visa - n. the official permission given to a person to enter a country where he or she is not a citizen 
visit - v. to go to or come to a place for a short time for friendly or business reasons 
voice - n. the sound made by creatures, especially humans, for speaking 
volcano - n. a hill or mountain around a hole in the earth's surface that can explode, sending hot, melted rock and ash into the air 
volunteer - n. a person who chooses to do something without being asked, usually without being paid
vote - v. to choose a candidate in an election; n. a choice or decision expressed by the voice, by hand or by writi
wages - n. money received for work done 
wait - v. to delay acting; to postpone 
walk - v. to move by putting one foot in front of the other 
wall - n. the side of a room or building formed by wood, stone or other material; a structure sometimes used to separate areas of land 
want - v. to desire; to wish for; to need 
war - n. fighting between nations, or groups in a nation, using weapons 
warm - ad. almost hot; having or feeling some heat 
warn - v. to tell of possible danger; to advise or inform about something bad that may happen 
wash - v. to make clean, usually with water 
waste - v. to spend or use without need or care; to make bad use of; n. a spending of money, time or effort with no value gained or returned; something thrown away as having no value; the liquid and solid substances that result from body processes and are passed out of the body 
watch - v. to look at; to observe closely; to look and wait for 
water - n. the liquid that falls from the sky as rain or is found in lakes, rivers and oceans 
wave - v. to move or cause to move one way and the other, as a flag in the wind; to signal by moving the hand one way and the other; n. a large mass of water that forms and moves on the surface of a lake or ocean 
way - n. a path on land or sea or in the air; how something is done; method 
we - pro. two or more people, including the speaker or writer ("He and I will go together, and we will return together.") 
weak - ad. having little power; easily broken, damaged or destroyed; opposite strong 
wealth - n. a large amount of possessions, money or other things of value 
weapon - n. anything used to cause injury or to kill during an attack, fight or war 
wear - v. to have on the body, as clothes 
weather - n. the condition of the atmosphere resulting from sun, wind, rain, heat or cold 
web_site - n. a collection of information prepared by a person or organization on the World Wide Web of the Internet 
week - n. a period of time equal to seven days 
weigh - v. to measure how heavy someone or something is 
welcome - v. to express happiness or pleasure when someone arrives or something develops 
well - ad. in a way that is good or pleasing; in good health; n. a hole in the ground where water, gas or oil can be found 
west - n. the direction in which the sun goes down 
wet - ad. covered with water or other liquid; not dry 
wheat - n. a grain used to make bread; the plant that produces the grain 
wheel - n. a round structure that turns around a center 
when - ad. at what time; at any time ("When will she come home?"); conj. during or at the time ("I studied hard when I was in school.") 
where - ad., conj. at, to or in what place ("Where is his house?" "The house where he lives is in the old part of the city.") 
whether - conj. if it be the case or fact that ("He did not know whether he was right or wrong.")
while - n. a space of time ("Please come to my house for a while."); conj. at or during the same time ("It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.") 
white - ad. having the color like that of milk or snow 
whole - ad. the complete amount; all together; not divided; not cut into pieces 
why - ad. for what cause or reason ("Why did she do it?"); conj. the reason for which ("I do not know why she did it.") 
wide - ad. having a great distance from one side to the other; not limited 
wife - n. a woman who is married 
wild - ad. living and growing in natural conditions and not organized or supervised by humans; angry; uncontrolled 
will - v. a word used with action words to show future action ("They will hold talks tomorrow.") 
willing - ad. being ready or having a desire to ("They are willing to talk about the problem.") 
win - v. to gain a victory; to defeat another or others in a competition, election or battle 
wind - n. a strong movement of air 
window - n. an opening in a wall to let in light and air, usually filled with glass 
winter - n. the coldest time of year, between autumn and spring 
wire - n. a long, thin piece of metal used to hang objects or to carry electricity or electronic communications from one place to another 
wise - ad. having much knowledge and understanding; able to use knowledge and understanding to make good or correct decisions 
wish - v. to want; to express a desire for 
with - prep. along or by the side of; together; using ("He fixed it with a tool."); having ("the house with the red door") 
withdraw - v. to take or move out, away or back; to remove 
without - prep. with no; not having or using; free from; not doing 
witness - n. a person who saw and can tell about an action or event, sometimes in a court of law 
woman - n. an adult female human 
wonder - v. to ask oneself; to question ("She wonders if it is true."); n. a feeling of surprise 
wonderful - ad. causing wonder; especially good 
wood - n. the solid material of which trees are made 
word - n. one or more connected sounds that form a single part of a language 
work - v. to use physical or mental effort to make or do something; n. the effort used to make or to do something; that which needs effort; the job one does to earn money 
world - n. the earth; the people who live on the earth 
worry - v. to be concerned; to continue thinking that something, possibly bad, can happen 
worse - ad. more bad than 
worth - n. value measured in money 
wound - v. to injure; to hurt; to cause physical damage to a person or animal; n. an injury to the body of a human or animal in which the skin is usually cut or broken 
wreck - v. to damage greatly; to destroy; n. anything that has been badly damaged or broken 
wreckage - n. what remains of something severely damaged or destroyed 
write - v. to use an instrument to make words appear on a surface, such as paper 
wrong - ad. not correct; bad; not legal; opposite right 
year - n. a period of time equal to twelve months 
yellow - ad. having the color like that of gold or the sun 
yes - ad. used to express agreement or to permit 
yesterday - n. the day before today 
yet - ad. at some time before now ("Have they arrived yet?"); now; at this time ("I cannot tell you about it yet."); conj. however ("The sun was shining, yet it was cold.") 
you - pro. the person or persons being spoken to 
young - ad. in the early years of life; not old 
zero - n. the number meaning none or nothing 
zoo - n. a place where animals are kept for the public to look at and study 
